CRIMSON KINGBOLT: WELL, IT
ALL STARTED WITH MY PARENTS
SUDDENLY GETTING DIVORCED.
AND BECAUSE OF THAT,
I ENDED UP IN OKINAWA.
I KNEW BEFORE I EVEN MOVED
HERE THAT FINDING A BURST LINKER
WOULD BE A CHALLENGE,
BUT I COULDN’T
FIND ONE ANYWHERE.
AND THAT THREW ME
INTO A MAJOR FUNK.
I SEE.
WELL, C.K., I COMMEND YOU
FOR REMAINING A BURST LINKER
THROUGH ALL OF THIS.
(LAUGHS) YEAH, WELL, MOST
OF IT WAS JUST ME LETTING
THINGS RUN THEIR NATURAL COURSE.
SEE, THIS KID HERE IS A
RELATIVE OF MINE, SO I ENDED
UP STAYING AT HER PLACE.
ONE DAY, I DECIDED
TO TAKE A GAMBLE.
I KNEW IF I COULD GET
A COPY OF THE PROGRAM
TO INSTALL IN RUKA,
THEN I’D BE ABLE TO GIVE HER ALL
THE BURST POINTS I HAD AT THE
TIME AND GET HER UP TO LEVEL 4.
IT WOULD SEEM
YOUR GAMBLE PAID OFF.
YEP, AND THE TWO OF US
SCRAPED TOGETHER ENOUGH POINTS
AND ROLLED THE DICE AGAIN.
MIRACULOUSLY, WE WERE
ABLE TO INSTALL BRAIN
BURST INTO MANA AS WELL.
AND HERE WE ARE.
A HAPPY LITTLE TRIO.
(GIRLS GIGGLING)
INDEED.
I GUESS THIS MEANS
THAT HUNTING THE ENEMY
IS A REAL LIFELINE
AROUND HERE.
(GASPING)
OUTSIDE!
WHAT IS THAT?
THAT’S THE MAGII-MAJIMUN
WE WERE TELLING YOU
ABOUT, NEE-NEE.
IT GOES AROUND
EATING EVERYONE
IT SEES.
COMPUTER:
PLEASE SWIPE
YOUR ROOM KEY.
ROOM KEY NUMBER
728 ACCEPTED.
ROOM UNLOCKED.
♪
(ROARING)
LOTUS, I NEED YOU
TO DO ME A FAVOR.
TAKE RUKA AND MANA BACK TO
THE HOTEL’S LEAVE POINT AND
GET OUT OF HERE WHILE YOU CAN.
IS THAT
REALLY NECESSARY?
YEAH, I’M
AFRAID IT IS.
THIS ISN’T JUST SOME ORDINARY
ENEMY WE’RE GOIN’ UP AGAINST.
IT’S A LEGEND-CLASS ENEMY.
AND EVEN WORSE,
SOMEONE HAS
TAMED IT.
"TAMED" AN ENEMY?!
THAT’S UNHEARD OF!
WHO COULD DO
SUCH A THING?
WE DON’T KNOW.
WHAT?
WHOEVER IT IS, THEIR NAME
DOESN’T APPEAR ON
THE MATCHING LIST.
AND THAT’S WHY
WHOEVER’S RIDING IT
MUST BE A MAJIMUN TOO.
A GUNAA MAJIMUN.
AN OPPONENT WHO DOESN’T APPEAR
ON THE MATCHING LIST, HUH?
(GIRLS GASPING)
HERE IT COMES!
IF THE THREE OF YOU
ARE GOING TO ESCAPE,
YOU SHOULD DO IT NOW.
I’VE GOT A FEW
THINGS TO SAY
TO THIS MAJIMUN.
AND BESIDES, RETREATING
WITHOUT CROSSING SWORDS
ISN’T MY STYLE.
HEH. YOU HAVEN’T
CHANGED A BIT,
WORLD END.
ALL RIGHT, THEN
COUNT ME IN.
LUCKY FOR US,
WE’RE INSIDE
THE WEATHERED STAGE,
WHERE THERE’S A TON
OF SCRAP METAL
LYING AROUND.
AND WITH THE BLACK KING
ON OUR SIDE,
WE MAY HAVE A CHANCE
OF WINNING AGAINST
THOSE MONSTERS.
SO, NANKURUNAISA!
HERE IT COMES!
(WHIMPERS)
WHAT EXACTLY
IS THIS THING?
SULFUR POT:
THE OFFICIAL NAME FOR THIS
LEGEND-CLASS ENEMY IS NEEZHOG.
BUT I LIKE TO
CALL HIM NICK.
YOU THERE,
WHO ARE YOU?
IT’S AGAINST OUR RULES TO
REVEAL OUR NAMES WITHOUT
ANY REAL PROVOCATION.
BUT THAT SAID, IT’S NICE
TO MEET YOU, BLACK KING
AND THE THREE LOCALS.
I AM SULFUR POT.
IT’S A PLEASURE TO
MAKE YOUR ACQUAINTANCE.
THE BACK
DOOR PROGRAM.
I BEG YOUR PARDON?
DROP THE ACT.
THAT PROGRAM SHOULD HAVE BEEN
DISABLED WITH AN UPDATE.
BUT WHATEVER YOU’RE USING,
IT’S DESIGNED FOR CHEATING.
NOTHING ELSE.
HMM? WHAT?
WHICH MEANS, YOU
PROBABLY AREN’T EVEN
IN OKINAWA RIGHT NOW.
I BET YOU’RE DOING A REMOTE DIVE
FROM SOMEWHERE IN TOKYO.
AREN’T YOU?
H-HE’S WHAT?!
AKISAMIYO!
THAT’S NOT FAIR!
WELL, LOOK
AT YOU.
EVEN THOUGH YOU’VE BEEN LYING
LOW FOR A FEW YEARS, YOU’RE
JUST AS SHARP AS EVER.
GUESS I HAVE
NO CHOICE,
BLACK KING.
I’LL HAVE TO
FINISH YOU HERE.
I CAN’T HAVE YOU DERAILING
OUR LITTLE FRONTIER
FARMING EXPERIMENT.
THAT WOULD
REALLY SUCK.
WHAT THE HELL’S
HE TALKING ABOUT?!
HE’S PROBABLY USING SOME
SORT OF CHEAT TOOL THAT
ALLOWS HIM TO CREATE
A HUNTING A GROUND FOR
THE LOW-CLASS ENEMIES HERE
IN THE HENOKO AREA.
A PLACE LIKE THIS IS
TOTALLY OFF THE RADAR
FOR THE BIG LEGIONS.
(ANGRY BREATH)
SULFUR POT.
DON’T THINK THE TITLE
LEGEND SLAYER
BELONGS EXCLUSIVELY
TO THE BLUE KING.
I’M GOING TO SLICE THAT
RIDE OF YOURS TO PIECES
AND EXPOSE EVERY ONE
OF YOUR DEVIOUS LITTLE TRICKS.
SUCH STRONG WORDS.
LOOKS LIKE A SIMPLE KILL
FOR YOU WON’T BE ENOUGH.
LET’S SEE HOW TOUGH YOU ARE
ONCE NICK HERE TEARS AWAY
EVERY LIMB ON YOUR BODY!
C.K. YOU SHOULD BE ABLE TO
MAXIMIZE THE FULL EXTENT OF
YOUR POWERS HERE, AM I RIGHT?
OH YEAH.
LISTEN UP!
DIG THROUGH THE RUBBLE FOR ANY
METAL OBJECT YOU CAN FIND,
BRING IT TO THIS INTERSECTION
AND PILE IT ALL HERE.
AW!
BUT WE WANNA
FIGHT TOO!
YES, MASTER!
WE’LL GATHER ALL THE
SCRAP METALS THERE IS.
JUST LEAVE IT TO US!
CHIBARIYOO!
THE OUTCOME OF THIS BATTLE
WILL DEPEND ON HOW MUCH
METAL YOU CAN FIND.
HERE IT COMES!
(BATTLE CRY)
CHEW ON THIS,
YA BASTARD!
TAPPING SCREW!
W-WHAT THE?
C.K.!
ARE YOU NUTS?
A FEW FLYING SCREWS
ISN’T GOING TO STOP
A HEAVILY ARMORED
ENEMY LIKE THAT!
HEY, CUT ME SOME
SLACK HERE, LOTUS.
IT’S BEEN 3 YEARS
SINCE I’VE HAD TO
FIGHT IN A REAL BATTLE.
COME ON, PUT ON A BETTER FIGHT,
OR I’LL JUST HAVE NICK TRAMPLE
YOU BOTH TO DEATH AND BE DONE!
I’D LIKE TO SEE YOU TRY
AND MAKE THAT HAPPEN.
(YELLING)
OVER DRIVE!
MODE GREEN!
(LAUGHS) WHATEVER LITTLE
TRICKS YOU WANNA USE
AREN’T GONNA WORK ON HIM.
SHOW ’EM, NICK!
THAT’S RIGHT...
KEEP COMING...
NOW!
(YELLING)
(GRUNTING)
DAMN IT!
GET HER, NICK!
AAH!
MASTER, WE
DID IT!
HERE’S SOME BIG
CHUNKS OF METAL!
C.K.!
RIGHT.
TIME FOR ME TO SUIT UP!
WHAT?
ONE OF YOU IS
RUNNING AWAY?
WELL, THAT’S NO FUN.
NICK’S SPECIAL MOVE GAUGE
IS FINALLY AT FULL CHARGE.
THAT ENEMY HAS ITS OWN
SPECIAL MOVE GAUGE?
YOU DIDN’T KNOW?
HIGH-LEVEL ENEMIES THAT HAVE
BEEN TAMED COME WITH THEIR
OWN SPECIAL MOVE GAUGE.
AND NOW HIS
IS FULLY CHARGED.
DO IT, NICK!
SCORCHING INFERNO!
(GRUNTS)
CRIMSON KINGBOLT:
LOTUS, OVER HERE!
ALL RIGHT, YOU METALS!
IT’S TIME TO COMBINE!
MEGA-MACHINE AWAKENING!
LISTEN, LUG NUT, WHATEVER
YOU’RE DOING IS POINTLESS.
I’M ABOUT TO TURN YOU
AND THE BLACK KING INTO
A PILE OF ASH! HUH?
(SIGHS)
IPPEE-MAGII!
I DON’T BELIEVE IT!
OUR MASTER
IS AN AMANCHU!
DO IT, NICK!
INCINERATE THAT
RIDICULOUS PILE OF JUNK!
COME ON, NICK.
INCREASE YOUR FIREPOWER!
(GRUNTS)
WHAT THE HELL?!
FIRE!
RETREAT, NICK!
RETREAT!
MASTER, YOU’RE AMAZING!
BEFORE THE CURRENT
RED KING CAME ALONG,
YOUR MASTER HAD THE GREATEST
LONG-RANGE FIREPOWER
IN THE HISTORY OF
THE ACCELERATED WORLD.
DAMN IT.
YOU SON
OF A BITCH.
NO ONE IS ALLOWED
TO DAMAGE NICK LIKE THIS!
LET’S SHOW ’EM
WE’RE NOT DONE, NICK.
CHARCOAL SMOKE!
THAT SMELL...OH, NO!
C.K., GET OUT OF THERE!
THAT’S NOT SMOKE!
(GRUNTS)
SCORCHING INFERNO!
IT’S GUNPOWDER!
(SCREAMS)
(GIRLS SCREAMING)
(GRUNTING)
C.K.!
(LAUGHING)
I HAVE TO SAY, I DIDN’T THINK
THIS FIGHT WAS GONNA FORCE ME
TO REVEAL THAT LITTLE TRICK.
BUT IT’S NOT LIKE WE DIDN’T
TAKE SOME DAMAGE OURSELVES.
AS YOU CAN SEE, NICK DID
EXACTLY AS HE WAS ORDERED.
SO I HOPE YOU GET IT NOW.
WE’VE CREATED
THE ULTIMATE PARTNERSHIP.
THE TWO OF US WORKING
TOGETHER AS ONE.
WE ARE AN INVINCIBLE DUO.
I WOULDN’T
BE SO SURE.
I THINK THAT DRAGON
HAS SOMETHING HE’D
LIKE TO TELL YOU.
(LAUGHS)
YOU’RE A KING,
ALL RIGHT.
YOU’RE A SORE LOSER
OF THE HIGHEST ORDER.
I FEEL SLIGHTLY OBLIGATED TO
WARN YOU THAT NICK’S SPECIAL
MOVE GAUGE ISN’T QUITE EMPTY.
MANA: IT’S OKAY.
DON’T WORRY.
IT’S COMING.
KUROYUKIHIME:
THAT OTHER WORLD,
IT IS A PLACE I ESCAPE TO.
AND THE WAY THAT TIME WORKS
THERE, WELL, IT’S DIFFERENT.
MEGUMI: IF I
UNPLUG THIS...
THEN HIME WILL
COME BACK TO ME.
SHE’LL COME BACK TO A PLACE...
WHERE I CAN REACH HER.
YOUNG MEGUMI:
NO, DON’T!
THAT CABLE
IS THE DOORWAY.
IF YOU PUT IT ON, IT WILL
TAKE YOU TO THAT OTHER
WORLD FOR ONE LAST TIME.
GO.
(MEGUMI GASPS)
UNLIMITED BURST.
(SURPRISED GRUNT)
HELLO, HIME.
I’M HERE.
THAT VOICE...
MEGUMI, IS THAT YOU?!
I DON’T BELIEVE IT.
HOW IS THIS POSSIBLE?
WAS MEGUMI ONCE
A BURST LINKER, LONG
BEFORE WE EVEN MET?
BUT THAT STILL DOESN’T EXPLAIN
HOW, OR EVEN WHY, SHE WAS
SUMMONED BACK INTO THIS WORLD.
ANOTHER ONE?
HOW MANY MORE OF
YOU PESTS ARE THERE?!
ENOUGH!
I’M REDUCING YOU ALL
TO CINDERS RIGHT NOW!
CHARCOAL STORM!
(HORRIFIED GASP)
MEGUMI!
IT’S ALL RIGHT.
DON’T WORRY, HIME.
I’LL PROTECT YOU.
PARADIGM REVOLUTION!
THAT AURORA.
IT CAN’T BE...
A FORCED
TRANSITION...
GET ’EM, NICK!
BLOW ’EM ALL TO PIECES!
SCORCHING IN--
(ALL GRUNTING)
(GASPING)
THE OCEAN STAGE?
HIME.
MY MAGICAL MOMENT
HERE IS NEARLY OVER.
IT’S TIME FOR ME TO STOP
LIVING IN THE PAST, AND MOVE ON.
SO PLEASE, HIME.
LIVE YOUR LIFE THE WAY
YOU THINK IS BEST.
I WILL.
THANK YOU, MEGUMI.
(SPUTTERING)
A LITTLE HELP, PEOPLE?
IN CASE YOU DIDN’T
NOTICE, I’M DROWNING HERE!
SORRY C.K., BUT YOU’RE
GONNA HAVE TO WAIT FOR A BIT.
BY THE WAY, YOU DID
GREAT BACK THERE.
NJI-MENSOORE,
MASTER!
OKAY, DOLPHIN, MERROW,
WE’RE ON THE BRINK
OF VICTORY RIGHT NOW.
LET’S FINISH THIS MISERABLE
CHEATER FOR GOOD BEFORE HE CAN
ESCAPE OFF TO SOME ISLAND.
OKAY!
HERE’S WHAT WE
NEED TO DO.
I’LL ATTACK THE
DRAGON HEAD ON.
WHILE I’M DOING THAT,
YOU TWO ATTACK
FROM THE SIDES.
BE CAREFUL NOT
TO GET HIT.
DON’T WORRY
ABOUT US, NEE-NEE.
WE’RE IN THE OCEAN NOW!
WHENEVER WE’RE IN
THE WATER, WE’RE
ALWAYS AT OUR BEST!
BOTH:
READY, GO!
SHAPE CHANGE!
MARINE MODE!
ANNOYING LITTLE PESTS!
(GASPS)
WHAT THE HELL?!
(SCREAMING)
NOW’S YOUR CHANCE!
CUT THE DRAGON’S REINS!
ALL RIGHT.
LEAVE IT TO ME!
DEATH BY PIERCING!
(BATTLE CRY)
SULFUR POT:
THAT’S IT, NICK,
OVER HERE.
NOW GO AND SWALLOW
THE LITTLE TWERPS WHOLE!
WAIT.
WHAT’RE YOU DOING?
NICK, I’M
YOUR MASTER.
NO! NO, STOP IT!
NO! NO! NO!!
THAT’S IT. GOOD JOB,
DOLPHIN AND MERROW.
YOU FOUGHT
BRILLIANTLY.
NEE-NEE.
I’M GONNA
GET STRONGER.
I PROMISE.
I’M GONNA PRACTICE
AND STUDY A WHOLE
LOT HARDER.
AND THEN, SOMEDAY...
I THINK THAT’S
AN EXCELLENT PLAN.
AND I’LL BE WAITING.
FOR WHEN WE MEET
AGAIN IN THIS WORLD.
ME TOO!
WAIT A MINUTE.
I FEEL LIKE WE’RE
FORGETTING SOMETHING.
GARGLING
STILL NEED A LITTLE HELP.
WHATEVER.
IT’S FINE.
I MEAN, AFTER ALL, I AM
JUST A CRUMMY OLD SCREW!
SORRY, IT JUST TOTALLY
SLIPPED MY MIND.
WASSAIBIIN,
MASTER.
YOU’RE
ALL HEARTLESS!
HMM?
I THINK IT’S ABOUT TIME
FOR THE THREE OF YOU
TO START HEADING BACK.
GIRLS:
OKAY.
HEY, LOTUS.
BEFORE WE GO,
TAKE THIS.
I FOUND IT JUST
LYING THERE ON THE
FLOOR OF THE OCEAN.
CONSIDER IT A LITTLE
TOKEN OF MY GRATITUDE.
HMM?
AN ENHANCED ARMAMENT.
MYSTICAL REINS.
I SEE.
BUT...I DON’T THINK
I’LL HAVE ANY USE FOR IT.
WELL, DON’T SAY THAT.
I HEAR THERE ARE SOME PRETTY
COOL ENEMIES IN THE NORTHERN
AREA OF OKINAWA.
LIKE FLYING
HORSES AND STUFF.
PLEASE,
TAKE IT.
THERE WILL BE
A TIME WHEN YOU’LL
NEED IT. OKAY?
A MESSAGE FROM YUTA?
ALL RIGHT, THEN.
I’LL ACCEPT.
THANK YOU.
WELL, I’M OFF.
BUT TRY TO GO
EASY ON HIM.
I’LL TRY.
NOW THEN, SULFUR POT.
ONCE YOU REVIVE, I’M GOING
TO FORCE YOU TO COUGH UP
EVERYTHING YOU KNOW.
(CASUAL CHATTER)
RUKA:
NEE-NEE!
HMM?!
OVER HERE!
COME TO UCHINAA
AGAIN, OKAY?!
TAKE CARE
OF YOURSELF!
BOTH:
READY, GO!
GUBURII-SABIRA!
(CHUCKLES)
ONLY YOU COULD MAKE SUCH
CUTE FANS ON A SCHOOL
TRIP. WAY TO GO, HIME.
I WOULDN’T QUITE
CALL THEM MY FANS.
IT WAS ACTUALLY MORE OF
A CULTURAL EXCHANGE THING.
YEAH, SURE.
THEN I GUESS I SHOULD GO AHEAD
AND WRITE THAT DOWN
IN THE STUDENT
COUNCIL JOURNAL.
EH, WELL,
I WOULDN’T
DO THAT.
(LAUGHS)
HIME (voice over):
AFTER THAT FIGHT, MEGUMI
WOKE UP IN THE DIVE CAFE.
BUT DIDN’T
REMEMBER
A THING.
HER MEMORY ABOUT WHY
SHE HAD COME THERE,
BRAIN BURST...
ALL OF IT, GONE.
I’VE DECIDED TO
JUST LET IT BE.
EVERYONE’S LIFE
HAS THEIR OWN STORY.
IT’S ENTIRELY POSSIBLE THAT
AT ONE TIME, MEGUMI HAD HER
OWN STORY IN THAT WORLD...
AND THAT’S ALL
I REALLY NEED TO KNOW.
COMPUTER:
INCOMING MAIL.
YOU’VE GOT MAIL.
CRIMSON KINGBOLT: I FOUND
IT IN THAT DIVE CAFE, JUST
LIKE YOU SAID IT WOULD BE.
IT’S A NEURO-LINKER THAT’S
BEEN ILLEGALLY MODIFIED
SO THAT SOMEONE COULD
LINK UP WITH WITHOUT
ACTUALLY WEARING IT.
UNFORTUNATELY, THE MEMORY HAD
A SELF-DESTRUCT TRIGGER, AND
THAT WAS ALL WE COULD FIND OUT.
IF BRAIN BURST HAD BEEN
INSTALLED ON IT, ALONG WITH
SOME KIND OF BACK DOOR PROGRAM,
THEN, IN THEORY, THAT WOULD HAVE
MADE IT POSSIBLE FOR SULFUR POT
TO PULL OFF WHAT HE DID.
IF SOMEONE REALLY DID DO
THAT THOUGH, THEY’RE
SOME SERIOUS LOWLIFES.
MAYBE THAT’S THE GROUP
HE WAS TALKIN’ ABOUT.
HIME (voice over):
SOUNDS LIKE IT.
IN THE END, SULFUR POT DIDN’T
TELL US ANYTHING ABOUT THEM.
AND I’M SURE THE DAY WILL
COME WHEN THAT GROUP IS
SOMEONE WE’LL HAVE TO FIGHT.
AND WHEN WE DO,
WE WILL CRUSH
THEM MERCILESSLY.
HEY, WHAT’S
GOING ON, HIME?
YOU LOOK LIKE
YOU’RE HAVING FUN.
OH.
I DO, DO I?
HEY, HIME...
I THINK WHEN WE GET BACK
TO TOKYO, I’M GONNA WRITE
A STORY AND SET IT IN OKINAWA.
IT’S ABOUT A DRAGON,
A MERMAID, AND THE SEA.
AND THE HERO WILL BE THIS
WARRIOR DRESSED ALL IN BLACK.
I HAD THIS CRAZY DREAM
ABOUT IT LAST NIGHT.
I LIKE IT. CAN I BE THE
FIRST PERSON TO READ
THIS STORY OF YOURS?
OKAY, BUT BE READY.
I THINK IT’LL BE
ONE EPIC STORY.
GREAT.
I’M LOOKING
FORWARD TO IT.
AND PLUS, I ALSO CAN’T
WAIT TO GET THE PRESENT
THAT YOU BOUGHT FOR ME.
LET’S SEE NOW,
WHAT COULD IT BE?
HMM...
IF I WERE TO USE PSYCHIC
INTUITION, I’D SAY...
(GASPS)
NO, DON’T, HIME!
IF YOU SOMEHOW MANAGE TO GUESS
WHAT IT IS, YOU’LL SPOIL IT!
HMM,
I SEE IT!
AND IT’S A...
AW, COME ON,
I SAID STOP!
IF YOU DON’T LET IT BE,
THEN IT’S MASSAGE TIME!
MEGUMI!
(SCREAMS)
SHOP WORKER:
THIS IS ONE THAT
YOU WANT, RIGHT?
TRINKET SELLER:
DO YOU WANT IT
WRAPPED?
IT IS A PRESENT,
ISN’T IT?
YES, PLEASE...
THAT’S RIGHT.
IT’S A PRESENT FOR
A FRIEND OF MINE...
A FRIEND WHO’S
VERY IMPORTANT TO ME...
♪
KUROYUKIHIME:
NEXT STAGE,
"DOMINATION."
NOMI’S CONTROL
GROWS STRONGER.
FROM THE DEPTHS
OF DESPAIR, HARUYUKI
COMES TO A DECISION...